Tourism NL: Biome Research Project

Congratulations! 
You have recently been promoted to a new position at the Department of Tourism, Culture, Arts and Recreation! Your first task in this new position is to create a campaign to identify and highlight the beauty, ecology and history of a biome in our province. The Director of your department has given you freedom over the format of the project, but does have some requirements for what must be included (listed below). 

Requirements:
Choose a biome you would like to learn more about. Some suggestions are:
Codroy Valley Grand Estuary 
Exploits River 
The Grand Banks
Labrador Tundra
Newfoundland Highland Forests 

Research information about the biome you chose. Areas of research must include the following:
Climate
Physical geography
Habitat and special adaptations of dominant plant life
Habitat and special adaptations of dominant animal life
The range of tolerance for at least one species
Abiotic factors that are important to the biome
Any issues or controversies about the biome and how humans interact with it
Any history of the biome you find interesting, such as how it is an important part of the cultural or economic development of the surrounding area
Why and how the biome you chose should be preserved
Tourism operators that highlight the features of the biome

Present the information using a method of your choice. 
Be sure to include all of the components from Part 2
Use pictures, color, etc., to make your work visually appealing
Include a references section containing the URLs for all of the websites used. Failure to include references is plagiarism, and will result in a mark of zero until a new project is submitted.
Rubric:


4
3
2
1
Research - Ecology
Research about climate, geography, dominant animal and plant life, range of tolerance, abiotic and biotic factors is present and factual.
One aspect of the required research is missing.
Two aspects of the required research are missing.
Three or more aspects of the required research are missing.
Research - Social
Research about issues, history, preservation needs and steps, and tourism is present and factual.
One aspect of the required research is missing.
Two aspects of the required research are missing.
Three or more aspects of the required research are missing.
Presentation
Method of presentation is clear,  well-organized, and effectively uses pictures and colour.
Presentation is either unclear, disorganized or does not use pictures or colour effectively.
Two of the following are true: project is unclear, disorganized or does not use pictures or colour effectively.
Presentation is unclear, disorganized and does not use pictures or colour effectively.
References
At least 4 reliable references are included in the References section.
3 reliable references are included.
2 reliable references are included.
1 reliable reference is included, or multiple references are unreliable.


